README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/darkwizard242/ansible-role-dockercompose.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/darkwizard242/ansible-role-dockercompose) ![Ansible Role](https://img.shields.io/ansible/role/47543?color=dark%20green%20) ![Ansible Role](https://img.shields.io/ansible/role/d/47543?label=role%20downloads) ![Ansible Quality Score](https://img.shields.io/ansible/quality/47543?label=ansible%20quality%20score) [![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=ansible-role-dockercompose&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=ansible-role-dockercompose) ![GitHub tag (latest SemVer)](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/darkwizard242/ansible-role-dockercompose?label=release) ![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/darkwizard242/ansible-role-dockercompose?color=orange&style=flat-square)

# Ansible Role: dockercompose

Role to install (_by default_) [docker-compose](https://github.com/docker/compose/) on **Debian/Ubuntu** and **EL** systems.

## Requirements

None.

## Role Variables

Available variables are listed below (located in `defaults/main.yml`):

### Variables list:

```yaml
dockercompose_app: docker-compose
dockercompose_version: 1.25.5
dockercompose_osarch: "{{ ansible_system }}-x86_64"
dockercompose_dl_url: https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/download/{{ dockercompose_version }}/{{ dockercompose_app }}-{{ dockercompose_osarch }}
dockercompose_bin_path: /usr/local/bin
dockercompose_file_mode: '0755'
```

### Variables table:

Variable                | Value (default)                                                                                                                      | Description
----------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
dockercompose_app       | docker-compose                                                                                                                       | Defines the app to install i.e. **docker-compose**
dockercompose_version   | 1.25.5                                                                                                                               | Defined to dynamically fetch the desired version to install. Defaults to: **1.25.5**
dockercompose_osarch    | "{{ ansible_system }}-x86_64"                                                                                                        | Defines os architecture. Used for obtaining the correct type of binaries based on OS System Architecture. Defaults to: **"{{ ansible_system }}-x86_64"**
dockercompose_dl_url    | <https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/download/{{> dockercompose_version }}/{{ dockercompose_app }}-{{ dockercompose_osarch }} | Defines URL to download the docker-compose binary from.
dockercompose_bin_path  | /usr/local/bin                                                                                                                       | Defined to dynamically set the appropriate path to store docker-compose binary into. Defaults to (as generally available on any user's PATH): **/usr/local/bin**
dockercompose_file_mode | `'0755'`                                                                                                                             | Mode for the binary file of docker-compose.

## Dependencies

None

## Example Playbook

For default behaviour of role (i.e. installation of **dockercompose**) in ansible playbooks.

```yaml
- hosts: servers
  roles:
    - darkwizard242.dockercompose
```

For customizing behavior of role (i.e. specifying the desired **dockercompose** version) in ansible playbooks.

```yaml
- hosts: servers
  roles:
    - darkwizard242.dockercompose
  vars:
    dockercompose_version: 1.25.3
```

For customizing behavior of role (i.e. placing binary of **dockercompose** package in different location) in ansible playbooks.

```yaml
- hosts: servers
  roles:
    - darkwizard242.dockercompose
  vars:
    dockercompose_bin_path: /bin/
```

## License

[MIT](https://github.com/darkwizard242/ansible-role-dockercompose/blob/master/LICENSE)

## Author Information

This role was created by [Ali Muhammad](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ali-muhammad-759791130/).

Commit message:

doc default version bumped to 1.26.0

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/darkwizard242/ansible-role-dockercompose.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/darkwizard242/ansible-role-dockercompose) ![Ansible Role](https://img.shields.io/ansible/role/47543?color=dark%20green%20) ![Ansible Role](https://img.shields.io/ansible/role/d/47543?label=role%20downloads) ![Ansible Quality Score](https://img.shields.io/ansible/quality/47543?label=ansible%20quality%20score) [![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=ansible-role-dockercompose&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=ansible-role-dockercompose) ![GitHub tag (latest SemVer)](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/darkwizard242/ansible-role-dockercompose?label=release) ![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/darkwizard242/ansible-role-dockercompose?color=orange&style=flat-square)

# Ansible Role: dockercompose

Role to install (_by default_) [docker-compose](https://github.com/docker/compose/) on **Debian/Ubuntu** and **EL** systems.

## Requirements

None.

## Role Variables

Available variables are listed below (located in `defaults/main.yml`):

### Variables list:

```yaml
dockercompose_app: docker-compose
dockercompose_version: default version var bumped to 1.26.0
dockercompose_osarch: "{{ ansible_system }}-x86_64"
dockercompose_dl_url: https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/download/{{ dockercompose_version }}/{{ dockercompose_app }}-{{ dockercompose_osarch }}
dockercompose_bin_path: /usr/local/bin
dockercompose_file_mode: '0755'
```

### Variables table:

Variable                | Value (default)                                                                                                                      | Description
----------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
dockercompose_app       | docker-compose                                                                                                                       | Defines the app to install i.e. **docker-compose**
dockercompose_version   | default version var bumped to 1.26.0                                                                                                 | Defined to dynamically fetch the desired version to install. Defaults to: **default version var bumped to 1.26.0**
dockercompose_osarch    | "{{ ansible_system }}-x86_64"                                                                                                        | Defines os architecture. Used for obtaining the correct type of binaries based on OS System Architecture. Defaults to: **"{{ ansible_system }}-x86_64"**
dockercompose_dl_url    | <https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/download/{{> dockercompose_version }}/{{ dockercompose_app }}-{{ dockercompose_osarch }} | Defines URL to download the docker-compose binary from.
dockercompose_bin_path  | /usr/local/bin                                                                                                                       | Defined to dynamically set the appropriate path to store docker-compose binary into. Defaults to (as generally available on any user's PATH): **/usr/local/bin**
dockercompose_file_mode | `'0755'`                                                                                                                             | Mode for the binary file of docker-compose.

## Dependencies

None

## Example Playbook

For default behaviour of role (i.e. installation of **dockercompose**) in ansible playbooks.

```yaml
- hosts: servers
  roles:
    - darkwizard242.dockercompose
```

For customizing behavior of role (i.e. specifying the desired **dockercompose** version) in ansible playbooks.

```yaml
- hosts: servers
  roles:
    - darkwizard242.dockercompose
  vars:
    dockercompose_version: 1.25.3
```

For customizing behavior of role (i.e. placing binary of **dockercompose** package in different location) in ansible playbooks.

```yaml
- hosts: servers
  roles:
    - darkwizard242.dockercompose
  vars:
    dockercompose_bin_path: /bin/
```

## License

[MIT](https://github.com/darkwizard242/ansible-role-dockercompose/blob/master/LICENSE)

## Author Information

This role was created by [Ali Muhammad](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ali-muhammad-759791130/).
